TO UPDATE EVENTS:
1. When soinc.org releases the year's rules manual, download it to the Rules folder as all-rules.pdf. 
2. For each event, go through the rules manual and "print" the pages for each individual event (rather than actually printing, save as a pdf).
3. In events.html, edit the array with the event names to match the year's events.
4. If there are new events for which a page doesn't already exist, then for each new event, copy-paste z-template.html (found in resources) to the Events folder, rename it, then edit the html file so that the variables "title" (name of the event), "type" (Test, Build, or Test/Build), and "resourcesLink" (link to Google Drive folder containing resources, you'll have to create this, see below) are defined.

The gmail account associated with the drive is hhs.scio@gmail.com

TO CREATE THE RESOURCE ID FOR A NEW EVENT:
In the "Resources" folder of hhs.scio@gmail.com's Google Drive, create a new folder. Title it the name of the event. Then right click the new folder and select "Get shareable link." The link should be automatically copied to your clipboard. If not, manually copy it. The resource id is the part of the link directly following "id="
Example: "https://drive.google.com/open?id=1YO-j-W4YOFz3wq3wMnK4CrG6a7Ddv3To" would have a resource id of "1YO-j-W4YOFz3wq3wMnK4CrG6a7Ddv3To"

EVENT GOOGLE DRIVE FOLDER ORGANIZATION:
Each event's folder should have a pdf of its rules and a folder titled "Tests." Each individual test should have its own folder within the tests folder (example, after the tests for Allendale 2019 became available, the path Astronomy > Tests > Allendale 2019 would be created (not just for Astronomy, but for every event). The most inner folder would contain two files: the test and the answer sheet. Each event's folder should also contain whatever miscellaneous resources are provided, to be organized at the discretion of the webmaster.


NOTE:
Every year you should update the rules PDF for every event, even for events that aren't cycled out. Sometimes subtle changes are made, and even if nothing is changed it's more professional to update it so that the copyright message at the bottom of the page has the current year.